Add caution for using memory-backed emptydir (#44949)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/volumes.md

<!-- overview -->

On-disk files in a container are ephemeral, which presents some problems for
non-trivial applications when running in containers. One problem occurs when
a container crashes or is stopped. Container state is not saved so all of the
files that were created or modified during the lifetime of the container are lost.
During a crash, kubelet restarts the container with a clean state.
Another problem occurs when multiple containers are running in a `Pod` and

> need to share files. It can be challenging to setup

Reviewer: We'd prefer whitespace fixes to land in their own commit.

* A container using a ConfigMap as a [`subPath`](#using-subpath) volume mount will not
  receive ConfigMap updates.

>   

Reviewer: Please either:
- omit the whitespace change
- move it to its own commit

If that is filled up from another source (for example, log files or image
overlays), the `emptyDir` may run out of capacity before this limit.

> #### Before using memory backed `emptyDir`

Reviewer: I (fairly strongly) recommend:
```suggestion
#### Considerations for memory backed `emptyDir` volumes {#emptydir-memory-backed}
```

{{< note >}}
You can specify a size for memory backed volumes, provided that the `SizeMemoryBackedVolumes`
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)
enabled in your cluster (this has been beta, and active by default, since the Kubernetes 1.22 release).
If you don't specify a volume size, memory backed volumes are sized to node allocatable memory.
{{< /note>}}

{{< caution >}}
If you do not specify a `sizeLimit` for `emptyDir`, you can create a

> memory backed `emptyDir` with node allocatable size unintentionally.  Also,

Author: Added description about `nor a memory limit`. Also, added descriptions about purpose for memory limit and sizeLimit.

user can create multiple memory backed `emptyDir`s on the same node, each set
to a node allocatable size.  And what Kubernetes sees as memory usage is the
amount that is actually consuming the memory　backed `emptyDir`, so even after
you create a memory backed `emptyDir` with node allocatable size, the other Pods
can be scheduled to the same node.  As a result, multiple memory backed
`emptyDir`s with node allocatable size can be created on the same node.
{{< /caution >}}

If you use memory backed `emptyDir` without appropriate settings, the following
risks may occur:

> * A single Pod with memory backed `emptyDir` may unintentionally occupy node's memory.

Author: Yes. However, using memory as a process work area and using it as a volume have different purposes, so I would like to describe the points to be especially careful about when using memory as a volume.

> * If multiple memory backed `emptyDir`s are created on the same mode, their total

Reviewer 2: This isn't really a problem with memory-backed empty-dir volumes, right?  If you schedule pods with memory limits higher than memory requests, you can run into this scenario.

Author: Yes, ditto. This is also the case when memory request and memory limit are not set, so these are added as the conditions mentioned above.

overlays), the `emptyDir` may run out of capacity before this limit.

{{< note >}}
You can specify a size for memory backed volumes, provided that the `SizeMemoryBackedVolumes`
[feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)

> enabled in your cluster (this has been beta, and active by default, since the Kubernetes 1.22 release).

Reviewer 3: ...is enabled

overlays), the `emptyDir` may run out of capacity before this limit.

{{< note >}}

> The `SizeMemoryBackedVolumes` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) is enabled by default since v1.22,
> so you can specify a size for memory backed volumes.  If no size is specified, memory
> backed volumes are sized to node allocatable memory.

Reviewer: Try this:
```suggestion
You can specify a size for memory backed volumes, provided that the
`SizeMemoryBackedVolumes` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)
enabled in your cluster (this has been beta, and active by default, since the Kubernetes 1.22 release).
If you don't specify a volume size, memory
```

{{< /note>}}

{{< caution >}}
If the user does not specify a `sizeLimit` for `emptyDir`, user can create a
memory backed `emptyDir` with node allocatable size unintentionally.  Also,
user can create multiple memory backed `emptyDir`s on the same node, each set
to a node allocatable size.  And what Kubernetes sees as memory usage is the
amount that is actually consuming the memory　backed `emptyDir`, so even after
you create a memory-backed `emptyDir` with node allocatable size, the other Pods
can be scheduled to the same node.  As a result, multiple memory backed
`emptyDir`s with node allocatable size can be created on the same node.

> 

Reviewer: Consider ending the `caution` block here, with some advise to continue reading the page to learn  about managing those risks.

Also, how about moving the `caution` earlier in the page (eg: around line 224)?

Author: I think an explanation about the whole emptyDir is needed before talking about memory backed volume. Instead of moving `caution` block earlier, I made a subsection about memory backed emptyDir, what do you think?

CSI node plugins need to perform various privileged
operations like scanning of disk devices and mounting of file systems. These operations

> differ for each host operating system. For Linux worker nodes, containerized CSI node 

Reviewer: Please either:
- omit the whitespace change
- move it to its own commit

Existing PVs created by a in-tree volume plugin can still be used in the future without any configuration
changes, even after the migration to CSI is completed for that volume type, and even after you upgrade to a
version of Kubernetes that doesn't have compiled-in support for that kind of storage.

>  

Reviewer: Please either:
- omit the whitespace change
- move it to its own commit
